Players take 4 items to Theros (cleric man) and revive Matreus

Matreus explains he was working with a scholar named Alkazaar in Azrrhat, Anaurach, which is a desert to the north east of Candlekeep

He also explains the plague is being caused by a former druid named Xanthoria. She's become some form of a lich, but initial research with Alkazaar has shown that she is not just a standard lich. The plague is a result of her journey to lichdom and whatever unique shape her phylactery has taken. They are certain about one thing tho - defeating Xanthoria and destroying her phylactery will end the plague.

###
Something she obsessed over in her research were "Mycorji" and "Shedaklah", as well as the number 222. Arcana check to get some info (Demonomicon add double proficiency on this check)
###

Despite knowing all that, they have been unsuccessful in tracking her down. Matreus suggests that the party go visit Alkazaar since Matreus has been dead for a couple of months and he is out of the loop on any research. Alkazaar may have learned something about Xanthoria's past, the magic behind the plague, her new lich form, or possibly even her location.

He tells them the journey will take a few weeks, but it will be worth it. He'll arrange for Alkazaar to meet them in the local inn so the players won't have to worry about trying to find his house. He also doesn't really have a house because he is a nomad.

---------------

At Pelk's, he notes that his stock of Potion of Recovery has been having some issues. He typically receives the ingredients to make them from a mercantile guild in the desert, but recently they haven't had any of the ingredients to ship to him. He's got no clue why and remarks this has never happened before.

If the players inquire or push, he reveals that the blood of a fiend, Flinds, once distilled and purified, is the main ingredient for the Potions of Recovery. This is because Flinds have a unique aura about them that makes most people sleepy when near them, though he isn't sure why. He'll give the players some small info about Flinds, including about how they exist in packs, lie in wait for human archaeologists in ruins, and are quick to call for reinforcements.

He's had no issues with supply in past, as their reinforcements are usually pretty slow and arrive after the main group of Flinds is dead and had their blood taken. He's not sure what has changed, as there's usually a constant supply of them for this reason.

He'll offer to make players Potions of Recovery for only 100 gold each, or they can choose to sell the blood to him for 400 gold per Potion of Recovery worth of blood.

---------------

Players take a few weeks to get to Azrrhat, where Alkazaar is.

Once they arrive, Alkazaar explains that he's discovered that the magic Xanthoria used was likely some ancient Netherese magic from almost a thousand years ago. However, 

Alkazaar tells the players about how Xanthoria's lichdom was LIKELY achieved by the use of some ancient Netherese magic, but he's not sure exactly what happened yet. He has been visiting ruins for the past couple months and been slowly gathering intel. He suggests the characters accompany him to another set of ruins that are a bit further away from the town and wants them to protect him since there have been reports of fiends hiding in ruins.

---------------

At the ruins (Haruum), the characters uncover a sapphire golem that is mostly buried in sand, and Alkazaar recognizes him as the rumored "Sapphire Sentinel" that was created by ancient Netherese wizards to protect ancient Prince Hamukai and a fabled "Nether Scroll". Once "Hamukai" is said outloud, the golem obeys every command given to it.

The golem is able to communicate through sign language (insight roll is needed to figure this out)

The ruins (Haruum) describe a story of a prince (Hamukai) being in a battle to protect the Nether Scroll. During the battle, his companion, the Sapphire Sentinel, was blasted by some magic and flung far across the desert to an unknown location. Despite that, the prince was victorious, but before his opponent fled in defeat, a powerful Netherese curse was placed on him that caused him to age rapidly. Knowing that his fate was sealed, he had Netherese wizards perform a ritual to seal him and the scroll in a sarcophagus that only he and the Sapphire Sentinel could dispel. The ritual put him in stasis, and his life force would be the fuel that would allow it to last for a millenia. However, if he was ever disturbed, the aging curse would catch up to him rapidly and he would die and turn to dust almost instantly.

The Golem urges that the players take him to their ancient city of Azumar, so that he can see his prince and find a way to help him. Alkazaar thinks this is a great idea, especially because the adventurers are with him. The ruins of Azumar have been perpetually inhabitted by a Blue Dragon, and have been in a constant sandstorm for as long as her can remember. He's never gone there because that city is associated with death.

---------------

Players HOPEFULLY go there

Golem automatically uses Dispel Magic to get to the necropolis, into the eye of the storm

Players fight stuff outside then Zikzokrishka, and hopefully find the Spell Scroll of Wish because they actually tried to look for treasure.

When the players and the golem descend into the chamber, read all the lore

A portal opens up BECAUSE OF THE GOLEM that leads to a beautiful river with beautiful flowers and a field on either side.

A few ways this can go down:
	Players can ask Golem to cast Dispel Magic on the sarcophagus, instantly turning the prince to dust but giving them the Nether Scroll of Azumar
	Players can let the Golem do as it wishes and push the prince into the portal before casting dispel magic
	Players can TRY to use the Spell Scroll of Wish before OR after the prince is turned to dust to remove the curse, but he will not give them the scroll afterwards (he'll give him everything else tho)

If the players revive the prince or let the golem push him into the portal, the players can ask him about the Crystal Ball of True Seeing.
If they let him turn to dust, they can find out about it from his memiors OR Alkazaar can find some info about it in the ruins.

Either way, the Crystal Ball of True Seeing is revealed to be in the hands of a powerful Slaad by the name of Ssendam. Players are responsible for finding more out about Ssendam from Alkazaar or Candlekeep.